>> Sreenivasan: THE EBOLA
OUTBREAK HAS WIDENED IN EAST
AFRICA AS SENEGAL CONFIRMED IT'S
FIRST CASE TODAY.
AND A NEW REPORT TRACED THE
ORIGINS OF THE EBOLA OUTBREAK TO
A SINGLE FUNERAL IN GUINEA LAST
MAY.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M HARI SREENIVASAN.
JUDY IS OFF TONIGHT.
ALSO AHEAD, WE WRAP UP OUR
WEEKLONG SERIES ON RETHINKING
COLLEGE.
MORE AND MORE STATES ACROSS THE
COUNTRY ARE TYING THEIR PUBLIC
UNIVERSITIES' FUNDING LEVELS TO
GRADUATION RATES.
WE WENT TO TENNESSEE WHERE THIS
PRACTICE BEGAN.
>> IT'S TRYING TO FIND WAYS TO
GET SCHOOLS TO RESPOND TO
INCENTIVES THE SAME WAY PEOPLE
RESPOND TO INCENTIVES.
AS A PROFESSOR, I DON'T GRADE
STUDENTS WHEN THEY SHOW UP THE
FIRST DAY OF CLASS; I WAIT AND
SEE HOW THEY PERFORM THROUGHOUT
THE SEMESTER, AND THEN I
EVALUATE THEM.
>> Sreenivasan: AND IT'S FRIDAY.
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
ARE HERE TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.